smallTyposSweep.treatments.md (#304)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/20.treatments.md

Tocilizumab is a humanised monoclonal antibody that binds both to the insoluble and soluble receptor of IL-6, de facto inhibiting the IL-6 immune cascade.

##### Current Evidence

Chinese doctors have started a trial enrolling 188 patients of which 14 with severe lung disease have shown clear signs of improvements, according to their results [@url:https://www.genengnews.com/virology/coronavirus/genentech-launches-phase-iii-trial-of-actemra-as-coronavirus-treatment/].
Also, The AIFA (the Italian Drug Agency) approved the start of a new trial on March 19 recruiting patients at the initial stage of the infection [@url:https://www.univadis.co.uk/viewarticle/covid-19-italy-launches-an-independent-trial-on-tocilizumab-715741].
Together with these independent trials, Roche, also in collaboration with the FDA, will start a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase III trial early April.

> The trial will enroll 330 patients globally, which will be followed for 60 days upon use of the drug via injection to analyze its efficiency/safety (Biopharma-reporter.com).

Reviewer: Does this need to link to a specific location at this website?

> The trial will enroll 330 patients globally, which will be followed for 60 days upon use of the drug via injection to analyze its efficiency/safety (Biopharma-reporter.com).

Reviewer: Found https://www.biopharma-reporter.com/Article/2020/03/19/Roche-enters-Phase-III-for-COVID-19-treatment which I think is it & edited the suggestion to that.

Interferons are classified into three categories based on their receptor specificity: type I, II and III [@doi:10.1128/mmbr.05015-11].
Specifically, IFNs I (IFN-𝛼 and 𝛽) and II (IFN-𝛾 ) induce the expression of antiviral proteins which bring the viral RNA to degradation [@doi:10.1016/j.jcv.2003.11.013].
Among these IFNs, IFN- 𝛽 was already found to strongly inhibit the replication of other corona viruses, such as SARS-CoV, in cell culture, while IFN-𝛼 and 𝛾 were shown to be less effective in this context [@doi:10.1016/j.jcv.2003.11.013].
There is evidence that patients with higher susceptibility to develop Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) show indeed deficiency of IFN- 𝛽.

> For instance, upon other Corona viruses infection IFN- 𝛽 expression and synthesis is impaired, so that the virus can in fact escape the innate immune response [@doi:10.1016/j.virusres.2014.07.024].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instance, infection with other coronaviruses impairs IFN-𝛽 expression and synthesis, allowing the virus to escape the innate immune response [@doi:10.1016/j.virusres.2014.07.024].
```

> On March 18 2020 Synairgen plc has received approval to start a phase II trial for SNG001, an IFN- 𝛽-1a formulation to be delivered to lungs via inhalation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On March 18 2020 Synairgen plc has received approval to start a phase II trial for SNG001, an IFN-𝛽-1a formulation to be delivered to lungs via inhalation.
```

mRNA vaccines confer many advantages over traditional viral vectored vaccines and DNA vaccines.

> In comparison to live attenuated viruses, mRNA vaccines are non-infectious and can be synthetically produced in an egg-free, cell-free environment, and thereby reducing the risk of a detrimental immune response in the host [@doi:10.1016/j.immuni.2020.03.007].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In comparison to live attenuated viruses, mRNA vaccines are non-infectious and can be synthetically produced in an egg-free, cell-free environment, thereby reducing the risk of a detrimental immune response in the host [@doi:10.1016/j.immuni.2020.03.007].
```
